clarify lightning post-restore description (#9433) (#15178)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# Private key of this service. Default to copy of `security.key-path`
# key-path = "/path/to/lightning.key"

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> # When data importing is complete, tidb-lightning can automatically perform
> # the Checksum, Compact and Analyze operations. It is recommended to leave
> # these as true in the production environment.
> # The execution order: Checksum -> Analyze
> =======
> # In the physical import mode, when data importing is complete, TiDB Lightning can
> # automatically perform the Checksum and Analyze operations. It is recommended
> # to leave these as true in the production environment.
> # The execution order: Checksum -> Analyze.
> # Note that in the logical import mode, Checksum and Analyze is not needed, and they are always
> # skipped in the actual operation.
> >>>>>>> a98cba9c8f (clarify lightning post-restore description (#9433))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In the local backend and importer backend, when data importing is complete, TiDB Lightning can
# automatically perform the Checksum and Analyze operations. It is recommended
# to leave these as true in the production environment.
# The execution order: Checksum -> Analyze.
# Note that for tidb backend, Checksum and Analyze are not needed, and they are always
# skipped in the actual operation.
```
